Linked List: 
  A data structure that contains a head, tail and length property.
  Linked Lists consist of nodes, and each node has a value and a 
  pointer to another node or null.

  Comparisons with arrays:

    Lists:
      Do not have indexes!
      Connected via nodes with a next pointer
      Random access is not allowed

    Arrays:
      Indexed in order!
      Insertion and deletion can be expensive
      Can be quickly accessed at a specific index


Push:
  Adding a new node to the end of the linked list

  Pushing Pseudocode:
    This function should accept a value. Create a new node using the value
    passed to the function. If there is no head property on the list, structure
    the head and tail to be the newly created node. Otherwise set the next property
    on the tail to be the new node and set the tail property on the list to be the
    newly created node. Increment length by 1. Return the linked list.


Pop:
  Removing a node from the end of the linked list

  Popping Pseudocode:
    If there are no nodes in the list, return undefined. Loop through the list
    until you reach the tail. Set the next property of the 2nd to last node to 
    be null. Set the tail to be the 2nd to last node. Decrement the length of
    the list by 1. Return the value of the node removed.


Shift:
  Removing a new node from the beginning of the linked list

  Shifting Pseudocode:
    If there are no nodes, return undefined. Store the current head property
    in a variable. Set the head property to the current heads next property.
    Decrement the length by 1. Return the value of the node removed.


Unshift:
  Adding a new node to the beginning of the linked list

  UnShifting Pseudocode:
    This function should accept a value. Create a new node using the value
    passed to the function. If there is no head property on the list, set
    the head and tail to be the newly created node. Otherwise set the newly
    created node's next property to be the current head property on the list.
    Set the new head property on the list to be that newly created node.
    Increment the length of the list by 1. return the linked list.


Get:
  Retrieving a node by it's position in the linked list

  Get Pseudocode:
    This function should accept an index. If the index is less than 0 or greater
    than or equal to the length of the list, return null. Loop through the list
    until you reach the index and return the node at that specific index.


Set:
  Changing the value of a node on it's position in the linked list

  Set Pseudocode:
    This function should accept a value and an index. Use the Get function to find
    the specific node. If node is not found, return false. If the node is found, set
    the value of that node to be the value passed to the function and return true.


Insert:
  Adding a node to the linked list at a specific position.

  Insert Pseudocode:
    If the index is less than 0 or greater than the length, return false.
    If the index is the same as the length, push a new node to the end of
    the list. If the index is 0, unshift a new node to the start of the 
    list. Otherwise, using the get method, access the node at the index -1.
    Set the next property on that node to be the new node. Set the next 
    property on the new node to be the previous next. Increment the length,
    return true.


Remove:
  Removing a node from the linked list at a specific position.

  Remove Pseudocode:
    If the index is less than 0 or greater than the length, return undefined.
    If the index is the same as the length -1, pop. If the index is 0, shift.
    Otherwise use the get method to access the node at the index -1. Set the
    next property on that node to be the next of the next node. Decrement the 
    length. Return the value of the node removed.


Reverse:
  Reversing the linked list in place.

  Reverse Pseudocode:
    Swap the head and tail. Create a variable called next. Create a variable
    called prev. Create a variable called node and initialize it to the head
    property. Loop through the list. Set the next to be the next property on
    whatever node is. Set the next property on the node to be whatever prev is.
    Set the prev to be the value of the node variable. Set the node variable to
    be the value of the next variable.